[DOCS-8539] Add note to OP linux instructions (#24574)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/configure_existing_pipelines/install_worker/linux_apt.md

1. Click **Select API key** to choose the Datadog API key you want to use.
1. Run the one-step command provided in the UI to re-install the Worker.

>     **Note**:  The environment variables used by the Worker in `/etc/default/observability-pipelines-worker` are not updated on subsequent runs of the install script.  If changes are needed, update the file manually and restart the Worker.

Author: Hi @sghall I was wondering if we should just remove this section for the Update Existing Pipelines doc, since it's in the specific [Update source and destination environment](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/may/add-note-one-line-install/observability_pipelines/update_existing_pipelines/?tab=datadogagent#update-source-or-destination-variables) section, which means:
1) They already have the Worker installed.
2) They need to update that file to update the environment variables, so there's no point in running the one-line command.

Author: Chatted over zoom. Let's leave it.

> 1. Run the one-step command provided in the UI to re-install the Worker.
> 
>     **Note**: If you want to update the environment variables, you need to update them in the `/etc/default/observability-pipelines-worker` file, and then restart the Worker. Running the one-step command does not update the environment variables in that file.

Reviewer: This looks reasonable @maycmlee 👍 I might say something like...
```suggestion
1. Run the one-step command provided in the UI to re-install the Worker.

    **Note**:  The environment variables used by the Worker service in `/etc/default/observability-pipelines-worker` will not update on subsequent runs of the install script.  If changes are needed, update the file manually and restart the Worker service.
```
